{"name":"ALBW Bottle1","location":" Kakariko Village","conditions": ["100 Rupees"],"guide": "Purchased from Street Merchant.", "status": false}
{"name":"ALBW Bottle2","location":" Under the Bridge, east of Link's House","conditions": ["Flippers"], "guide": "East of Link's House or Ravio's Shop there is a bridge. From where the House of Gales is located, Link can swim to the north and will eventually reach the area underneath the bridge. The Bird Lover will give Link the bottle.", "status": false}
{"name":"ALBW Bottle3","location":" Death Mountain (Hyrule)","conditions": ["Flippers, Hookshot"],"guide": "Just east of the House of Gales within Lake Hylia, Link will find a bottle with a message in it. A man has become stranded on Death Mountain and asks for Premium Milk from the Milk Bar in Kakariko Village. After entering the Milk Bar, Link can speak with the owner in order to receive a bottle filled with Premium Milk. Travel to the area just outside of the Tower of Hera and head eastward. There is a bridge that can be crossed using the Hookshot. Continue eastward and enter the cave that has a sign leading to Rosso's Ore Mine. Carefully drop down the moving platforms until you reach the large central platform within this lava cave. There are three walls on each of the sides of this platform. Merge along the wall to the south and wait for the moving platform to appear. Follow this platform until you come to a formation of three platforms at once. Use the moving platform on the far left and ride it until you reach a point where you can exit the cave. Once you are outside, merge along the wall to reach the man to the right. Give him the Premium Milk and he will drink it. He'll thank you and will allow you to keep the empty bottle.", "status": false}
{"name":"ALBW Bottle4","location":" Vacant House.","conditions": ["Bombs"],"guide": "The Vacant House is located in the central part of Lorule, just south of Lorule Castle. It corresponds to Link's House or Ravio's Shop in Hyrule. Place a bomb along the northern wall, just outside the house to break open a hole. Walk inside to find a bottle inside the treasure chest.", "status": false}
{"name":"ALBW Bottle5","location":" Great Fairy Pond","conditions": ["3000 Rupees, plus 200 rupees for Big Bomb Flower"],"guide": "Just to the northwest of the Bomb Flower Store in Lorule, Link will find a large cracked boulder. Blow it up using a Big Bomb Flower to find the Great Fairy Pond. Donate a total of 3000 rupees and restore the Great Rupee Fairy to earn the bottle.", "status": false}
